docs: edits to samples and ssl_connections topics (#3633)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/ssl_connections.md

# Client TLS/SSL connections

!!! Seealso "Certificates"
    See [Certificates](certificates.md)
    for more details on how CloudNativePG supports TLS certificates.

The CloudNativePG operator was designed to work with TLS/SSL for both encryption in transit and
authentication on the server and client sides. Clusters created using the CNPG operator come with a certification
authority (CA) to create and sign TLS client certificates. Using the cnpg plugin for kubectl, you can
issue a new TLS client certificate for authenticating a user instead of using passwords.

These instructions for authenticating using TLS/SSL certificates assume you
installed a cluster using the [cluster-example-pg-hba.yaml](samples/cluster-example-pg-hba.yaml)
manifest. According to the convention-over-configuration paradigm, that file creates an `app`
database that's owned by a user called app. (You can change this convention by way of the `initdb`
configuration in the `bootstrap` section.)

## Issuing a new certificate

!!! Seealso "About CNPG plugin for kubectl"
    See [Certificates in the CloudNativePG plugin](kubectl-plugin.md#certificates)

>     content for details on how to use the plugin for kubectl.

Reviewer: this sentence doesn't quite read right

Author: ```suggestion
    See the [Certificates in the CloudNativePG plugin](kubectl-plugin.md#certificates)
    content for details on how to use the plugin for kubectl.
```

to `TLSv1.3`.

!!! Important
    In PostgreSQL 11, these two GUCs don't exist. Hence, in these specific versions

>     these values aren't set and continue using the default ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    these values aren't set,  and the default ones are used.
```
